# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:** Thursday 10.4.2025
* **ASSISTANTS:** Iv√°n Sanchez Milara

### Minutes
We discussed the overall state of the project. To do this we went iteratively through all of the delieverables. We mostly discussed delieverables one to three and only briefly looked at the other delieverables including the client very shortly. It was discussed to fill out all the relevant information in the wiki and look mostly at the project assesment to clear up how the grading and points are distributed.

### Action points
#### Api description

* Explain API uses in more Detail (explain multiple funtionalities or Services of clients)
* Redo or Update Diagramm
* Check related Work on Type of API (add Client example)

#### Database

* Clear Up the mess of the branches so the current state is shown in the Git

#### Api

* Regarding the Api of Order Status and Order Items
Make the structure be ressource orientated and follow the REST principles
* Have a Link to the Ressource in the API

#### Client

* Fix the Client so the remote developement is working.

## Final meeting
* **DATE:** 
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




